com/example/groups/First5Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.First5Fragment
 com.example.groups.First5Fragment$1
com/example/groups/First4Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.First4Fragment
 com.example.groups.First4Fragment$1
com/example/groups/StudentsChange.java
 com.example.groups.StudentsChange
com/example/groups/users.java
 com.example.groups.users
com/example/groups/TTermActivity.java
 com.example.groups.TTermActivity
 com.example.groups.TTermActivity$1
 com.example.groups.TTermActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
com/example/groups/CourseActivity.java
 com.example.groups.CourseActivity
 com.example.groups.CourseActivity$1
 com.example.groups.CourseActivity$CoursesAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.CourseActivity$CoursesAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/CDiscipline.java
 com.example.groups.CDiscipline
 com.example.groups.CDiscipline$1
 com.example.groups.CDiscipline$CoursesAsyncTask
com/example/groups/First2Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.First2Fragment
 com.example.groups.First2Fragment$1
com/example/groups/First3Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.First3Fragment
 com.example.groups.First3Fragment$1
com/example/groups/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.groups.SecondFragment
 com.example.groups.SecondFragment$1
com/example/groups/Courses.java
 com.example.groups.Courses
com/example/groups/TeachersActivity.java
 com.example.groups.TeachersActivity
 com.example.groups.TeachersActivity$1
 com.example.groups.TeachersActivity$CoursesAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.TeachersActivity$CoursesAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/MainActivity.java
 com.example.groups.MainActivity
 com.example.groups.MainActivity$1
 com.example.groups.MainActivity$HttpAsyncTask
com/example/groups/ClientActivity.java
 com.example.groups.ClientActivity
 com.example.groups.ClientActivity$1
 com.example.groups.ClientActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ClientActivity$StudentsAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/ActivityUsers.java
 com.example.groups.ActivityUsers
 com.example.groups.ActivityUsers$1
 com.example.groups.ActivityUsers$UsersAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ActivityUsers$UsersAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/Teacher.java
 com.example.groups.Teacher
com/example/groups/TimeTable.java
 com.example.groups.TimeTable
com/example/groups/MainTeacher.java
 com.example.groups.MainTeacher
com/example/groups/Students.java
 com.example.groups.Students
com/example/groups/ZhurnalActivity.java
 com.example.groups.ZhurnalActivity
 com.example.groups.ZhurnalActivity$1
 com.example.groups.ZhurnalActivity$DisciplineAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ZhurnalActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ZhurnalActivity$StudentsAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.groups.FirstFragment
 com.example.groups.FirstFragment$1
com/example/groups/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.groups.BuildConfig
com/example/groups/ChangeUser.java
 com.example.groups.ChangeUser
 com.example.groups.ChangeUser$1
 com.example.groups.ChangeUser$CoursesAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ChangeUser$PostAsyncTask
com/example/groups/ChangeCourse.java
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse$1
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse$CoursesAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse$DeleteUserAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse$DisciplineAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ChangeCourse$PostAsyncTask
com/example/groups/Lessons.java
 com.example.groups.Lessons
com/example/groups/SGChangeActivity.java
 com.example.groups.SGChangeActivity
com/example/groups/StudyGroups.java
 com.example.groups.StudyGroups
com/example/groups/Second5Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.Second5Fragment
 com.example.groups.Second5Fragment$1
com/example/groups/Second4Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.Second4Fragment
 com.example.groups.Second4Fragment$1
com/example/groups/Auditory.java
 com.example.groups.Auditory
com/example/groups/Second3Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.Second3Fragment
 com.example.groups.Second3Fragment$1
com/example/groups/Discipline.java
 com.example.groups.Discipline
com/example/groups/LessonsActivity.java
 com.example.groups.LessonsActivity
 com.example.groups.LessonsActivity$1
 com.example.groups.LessonsActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.LessonsActivity$StudentsAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/CreateTeachActivity.java
 com.example.groups.CreateTeachActivity
 com.example.groups.CreateTeachActivity$1
 com.example.groups.CreateTeachActivity$1$1
com/example/groups/DisciplineActivity.java
 com.example.groups.DisciplineActivity
 com.example.groups.DisciplineActivity$1
 com.example.groups.DisciplineActivity$CoursesAsyncTask
com/example/groups/Second2Fragment.java
 com.example.groups.Second2Fragment
 com.example.groups.Second2Fragment$1
com/example/groups/GroupsActivity.java
 com.example.groups.GroupsActivity
 com.example.groups.GroupsActivity$1
 com.example.groups.GroupsActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
com/example/groups/StudyGroupActivity.java
 com.example.groups.StudyGroupActivity
 com.example.groups.StudyGroupActivity$1
 com.example.groups.StudyGroupActivity$StudentsAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.StudyGroupActivity$StudentsAsyncTask$1
com/example/groups/Admin_panel.java
 com.example.groups.Admin_panel
 com.example.groups.Admin_panel$1
 com.example.groups.Admin_panel$2
com/example/groups/ChangeSG.java
 com.example.groups.ChangeSG
 com.example.groups.ChangeSG$1
 com.example.groups.ChangeSG$CoursesAsyncTask
 com.example.groups.ChangeSG$TermAsyncTask
